README.md, before:

# TokuCinema
Monster Movie Review Website  

---

## Installation
*Note - Commands were run using powershell for Windows and Bash for Mac OSX*

1. Nodejs and npm
    - Install these versions or greater of Nodejs and npm:  
        - Nodejs: 6.9.6   download Windows installer here: [Node](ttps://nodejs.org/en/download/) 
        - npm: 3.10.10 (bundled with Nodejs)

2. Install Gulp.js
    - Install Gulp globally on your machine  
        - run cmd: `npm install -g gulp`

3. Install Angular CLI globally on your machine
    - Install Angular CLI version: "1.0.5" or greater  
        - run cmd: `npm install -g @angular/cli`

4. Install project packages
    - Clone this Repo
        - run cmd: `git clone https://github.com/bayes343/TokuCinema.git`
    - "cd" into the nested "TokuCinema" folder (The root of the repo is also named TokuCinema) and run the following commands: 
        - run cmd: `npm install`  
        - run cmd: `npm install gulp`  


## Running the Application for Development
1. Start Application and Typescript Transpilation  
    - cd into the inner "TokuCinema" folder  
        - run cmd: `ng serve`  
    
    *You should now be able to hit the site at "localhost:4200"*
    
2. Run Gulp to Compile Sass
    - cd into the inner "TokuCinema" folder if you're not already there  
        - run cmd: `gulp`


## Debugging in VS Code
1. Create a launch.json config file
    - If there isn't already a launch.json file in the root of the repo in a folder named ".vscode," create one by opening the debug tab in the editor and clicking the gear (settings) icon.

    - Replace the configurations in that file with the following:
```json
{
    "version": "0.2.0",
    "configurations": [
    {
            "name": "Launch",
            "type": "chrome",
            "request": "launch",
            "url": "http://localhost:4200",
            "port": 9223,
            "sourceMaps": true,
            "diagnosticLogging": true,
            "webRoot": "${workspaceRoot}/TokuCinema"
            // Mac 
            //"userDataDir": "/Users/joseph.bayes/dummyChrome"
            // Windows - just leave "userDataDir" blank
        }
    ]
}
```

## Deploying to CI / Production
1. Build the project         
    - Run the below script to build the project in the root of the repo:
        - run cmd: `npm run build`
    
    2. Create the web.config file (if it's not       already there)  
        - Add a file named "web.config" to the prod project with these contents:
```xml
<configuration>
<system.webServer>
    <rewrite>
    <rules>
            <rule name="AngularJS Routes" stopProcessing="true">
                <match url=".*" />
                <conditions logicalGrouping="MatchAll">
                <add input="{REQUEST_FILENAME}" matchType="IsFile" negate="true" />
                <add input="{REQUEST_FILENAME}" matchType="IsDirectory" negate="true" />
                <add input="{REQUEST_URI}" pattern="^/(api)" negate="true" />
                </conditions>
                <action type="Rewrite" url="/" />
            </rule>
        </rules>
    </rewrite>
</system.webServer>
</configuration>
```
    
3. Commit/Push the changes
    - Azure will automatically pull the changes and redploy the application. 
        - CI location:  [TokuCinema CI](http://tokuCinema-ci.azurewebsites.net/)
        - Prod location:  [TokuCinema Prod](http://tokuCinema.azurewebsites.net/)  

*Currently the CI pulls from the develop branch and Prod pulls from master*  

**(Merging develop to master and pushing will deploy to Prod)**

Commit message:

updated readme with proper build instructions

README.md, after:

# TokuCinema
Monster Movie Review Website  

---

## Installation
*Note - Commands were run using powershell for Windows and Bash for Mac OSX*

1. Nodejs and npm
    - Install these versions or greater of Nodejs and npm:  
        - Nodejs: 6.9.6   download Windows installer here: [Node](ttps://nodejs.org/en/download/) 
        - npm: 3.10.10 (bundled with Nodejs)

2. Install Gulp.js
    - Install Gulp globally on your machine  
        - run cmd: `npm install -g gulp`

3. Install Angular CLI globally on your machine
    - Install Angular CLI version: "1.0.5" or greater  
        - run cmd: `npm install -g @angular/cli`

4. Install project packages
    - Clone this Repo
        - run cmd: `git clone https://github.com/bayes343/TokuCinema.git`
    - "cd" into the nested "TokuCinema" folder (The root of the repo is also named TokuCinema) and run the following commands: 
        - run cmd: `npm install`  
        - run cmd: `npm install gulp`  


## Running the Application for Development
1. Start Application and Typescript Transpilation  
    - cd into the inner "TokuCinema" folder  
        - run cmd: `ng serve`  
    
    *You should now be able to hit the site at "localhost:4200"*
    
2. Run Gulp to Compile Sass
    - cd into the inner "TokuCinema" folder if you're not already there  
        - run cmd: `gulp`


## Debugging in VS Code
1. Create a launch.json config file
    - If there isn't already a launch.json file in the root of the repo in a folder named ".vscode," create one by opening the debug tab in the editor and clicking the gear (settings) icon.

    - Replace the configurations in that file with the following:
```json
{
    "version": "0.2.0",
    "configurations": [
    {
            "name": "Launch",
            "type": "chrome",
            "request": "launch",
            "url": "http://localhost:4200",
            "port": 9223,
            "sourceMaps": true,
            "diagnosticLogging": true,
            "webRoot": "${workspaceRoot}/TokuCinema"
            // Mac 
            //"userDataDir": "/Users/joseph.bayes/dummyChrome"
            // Windows - just leave "userDataDir" blank
        }
    ]
}
```

## Deploying to CI / Production
1. Build the project         
    - Run the below script to build the project in the root of the repo:
        - run cmd: `npm run build`
    
    2. Create the web.config file (if it's not       already there)  
        - Add a file named "web.config" to the prod project with these contents:
```xml
<configuration>
<system.webServer>
    <rewrite>
    <rules>
            <rule name="AngularJS Routes" stopProcessing="true">
                <match url=".*" />
                <conditions logicalGrouping="MatchAll">
                <add input="{REQUEST_FILENAME}" matchType="IsFile" negate="true" />
                <add input="{REQUEST_FILENAME}" matchType="IsDirectory" negate="true" />
                <add input="{REQUEST_URI}" pattern="^/(api)" negate="true" />
                </conditions>
                <action type="Rewrite" url="/" />
            </rule>
        </rules>
    </rewrite>
</system.webServer>
</configuration>
```
3. Clean Root of Compile App (old build)
    - Delete all files and folders in the root TokuCinema directory except for the below:
        - .git (folder)
        - node_modules (folder)
        - TokuCinema (folder)
        - INITIALSETUP.md (file)
        - README.md (file)
        - web.config (file)

4. Copy Contents of Dist folder (new build) to Root directory
    - Copy all contents of this directory: ```TokuCinema\TokuCinema\dist```, and paste them into the root of the repository.

5. Commit/Push the changes
    - Azure will automatically pull the changes and redploy the application. 
        - CI location:  [TokuCinema CI](http://tokuCinema-ci.azurewebsites.net/)
        - Prod location:  [TokuCinema Prod](http://tokuCinema.azurewebsites.net/)  

*Currently the CI pulls from the development branch and Prod pulls from master*  

**(Merging develop to master and pushing will deploy to Prod)**
